COVER LETTER - IOS

My name is Kimaya Desai. I am interested in the IOS developer role at your company. After reviewing your job description, it’s clear that you’re looking for a candidate that is extremely familiar with IOS concepts in Swift & Android and can perform them confidently. Given these requirements, I am certain that I have the necessary skills to successfully do the job adeptly and perform above expectations.

I will be completing my Masters in Computer Science in May this year from San Diego State University. I am currently working with Dr. Ries, a neuroscientist at San Diego State on an IOS application for faster Aphasia recovery. I am a certified IOS developer and developed projects on Android as well. While working on academic and extracurricular projects, I developed proven problem solving and communication skills, which I hope to leverage into the developer role at your company.

After reviewing my resume, I hope you will agree that I am the type of competent and competitive candidate you are looking for. I look forward to elaborating on how my specific skills and abilities will benefit your organization. You can contact me at 619-890-3834 or via email at kimaya.desai@gmail.com

COVER LETTER - SOFTWARE DEVELOPER

My name is Kimaya Desai. I am interested in the Software developer role at your company. After reviewing your job description, it’s clear that you’re looking for a candidate that is extremely familiar with Data Structures, Algorithms, Object Oriented Concepts and can perform them confidently. Given these requirements, I am certain that I have the necessary skills to successfully do the job adeptly and perform above expectations.

I will be completing my Masters in Computer Science in May this year from San Diego State University. I am currently working with Dr. Ries, a neuroscientist at San Diego State on an IOS application for faster Aphasia recovery. I will be presenting its poster at the Student Research Symposium this March. I am a certified IOS developer. While working on academic and extracurricular projects, I developed proven problem solving and communication skills, which I hope to leverage into the developer role at your company.

After reviewing my resume, I hope you will agree that I am the type of competent and competitive candidate you are looking for. I look forward to elaborating on how my specific skills and abilities will benefit your organization. You can contact me at 619-890-3834 or via email at kimaya.desai@gmail.com.